This is Barry Kauler's woof2 fossil repository of Nov 11, 2013 
commit f6332edbc4a75c262a8fec6e7d39229b0acf32cd, made into a git repository.
BK's original is at http://bkhome.org/fossil/woof2.cgi/index


Woof2 (now forked to woof-CE = community edition.) is Barry Kauler's system of building a customised and personalised puppy_linux distro. It sits alongside such projects as 'Linux From Scratch' and 'T2' (now modified to build puppys and used by Barry Kauler).  Each of these systems is comprised of a series of scripts and config files, placed in predefined directory trees, which automate the process of building a linux distro.  

Woof-CE specialises in building puppy linux distros (puplets), but can be modified to build original distros aswell. 

The scripts themselves are fully functional and are also undergoing further development by community members. New options and levels of user interaction are being implemented to give the user/developer more choice about the packages being incorporated into their build, and also the subsequent behaviour of those builds.  The packages are pulled from the host repositories; for example puppy_precise uses ubuntu 'precise' repositories for it's packages.  

All puppys use puppy pet repos for the basic puppy_linux base system and scripts which are what seperate a puppy linux from a pure ubuntu or slackware linux distro. The pet repo can be remote or local, so that your existing collection of pets may be used if you wish, by manually adding them by editing 'DISTRO_PKGS_SPECS-*-*' where *-* equals distro-version, as in debian-wheezy or ubuntu-precise. 
 
Currently there are 10 host systems built in to woof-CE; one of which your puppy linux build must be compatible with, in the sense that packages and software repositories and installers will be the same as used by the host system, as well as those used specifically by all puppy linux distros: so ubuntu uses .deb packages, and puppy uses .pet and .sfs packages: which means puppy_precise will be able to install .deb, .pet, .sfs packaged software by default. 

The ten host systems currently available in woof-CE are; ubuntu, slackware, mageia, debian, T2, pet-based, arch, gentoo, raspbian and scientific. Four of which are available for arm cpu. Each of these host distros have versions which are expressed in names and/or version numbers: for example Ubunutu, has 1) precise pangolin 12.04 LTS, and  2) trusty tahr 14.04 ... to mention just two.

Woof-CE provides a terminal based menu system allowing the user to easily select the host distro to use in a new build and also the kernel version.  Kernel can be built within woof-CE using the included kernel-kit.  Simply running the build.sh script automates the process of downloading, patching aufs support, and compiling the kernel, and also packaging the kernel, libs, headers, sources, and aufs-utils as .sfs and .pet files ready to use in woof-ce builds. 

Subsequent build options are offered with some advice and supervision in a terminal window.  The entire build process can take as long as 12 hours, depending on your internet connection and system speed.  If you already have the necessary packages stored locally then build time can be much less.

Woof-CE is hosted on github: https://github.com/puppylinux-woof-CE/woof-CE

Welcome to woof-CE.

